hey guys uh look I do not create
conflicts with other youtubers just for
the sake of creating conflicts I have
repeatedly reached out to other
youtubers in friendship even when
they've really harmed me in the past one
of the most ridiculous examples being
Joe best I was still reaching out to Joe
best positively and offering to do a
Skype conversation with him you know a
podcast on my channel way off I mean he
had crossed the line with me six times
seven times he had really defamed me
several times on the Internet
seriously and needlessly I mean Joe best
is a [ __ ] terrible human being but
still I was reaching out to him
positively and cooperatively way after
we reached the point of diminishing
returns I'm just recording the audio so
that I find that people really are more
relaxed and you know you can look at
your notes you don't feel like you have
to keep eye contact with the camera or
anything so I'm only gonna record the
audio and I told you before an email if
there's anything you regret saying like
you know you say oh I shouldn't have
said that about my boss at work or
something I do I'm willing to delete
anything Google most people right now
are you know what I need headphones I
had this problem
cool cool do it do it that's it the
other advantage of not not recording the
video is that you know I've got
headphones on can't hear myself though
but that's fun so listen the question is
this and and it's it's it's the main
topic right now people are interested in
where's the money or the $6,500 all of
it has gone to the law firm with the
only exception being the money that went
into the cost of the transfer itself
which you know I talked about those
boring details and the couple people who
got and the couple people who got their
refunds so Joe that's it the the actual
legal process is real if you want to I
can send you a link to an article that
explains to you what the legal process
is in Thailand it's extremely boring
that article it's an actual huh so six
and a half thousand dollars to a Thai
law firm correct yeah because all I'm
doing is pressing criminal charges it's
not a lawsuit yeah
well I didn't go through it at the end
but when I was prosecuting the girls I
was going after them they wanted my law
firm wanted like it was someone like
3,000 Bart's or like you know hundred
bucks an hour
they said it would set in two hours to
prepare the case and so Joe so Joe how
did that work out for you because I felt
that it was it was too mean for what
they just felt like it was too much I
was angry at the time so I I wanted to
do something I went to the solicitors
but it wasn't a lot of money
it was no six and half thousand dollars
man I could have put them all in there
whatever you know it wasn't sure till
anything I hope you never have to go
through and going through Joe but Joe
what I'm going through involves it's an
international law firm
it's an international case involves
transit it involves translation it
involves travel for the lawyer there are
real costs so Joe if you think Joe if
you Joe Joe let me just says if you
think I got a bad deal you're entitled
to your opinion I think I got a
perfectly good deal and uh many people
including you used to complain that I
wasn't paying enough that it was
impossible that my court case was legit
because this wasn't enough money yeah so
you know say what you want to say in
Thailand it's much much cheaper so let
me ask you this so Joe Joe let me ask
you what's what's your experience with
what the cost is for kids like this have
you ever looked at international
information guys cost me about ten
thousand kill it's no no Joe your case
is totally unrelated it's totally how
was the carnival so an international
case dealing with defamation dealing
with translating like YouTube videos
into Thai those cost okay okay okay so
that's interesting okay haha the girls
may into Thai and they said that I could
if I wanted to I could hire a student to
do it so that could be quite cheap and
they said I got a pair of police officer
which is the funny part I've got a pair
police officer ten thousand bar to go
and arrest them at the hotel each one
Joe Joe your case you whatever like that
sounds dodgy as hell I've got
okay well you've just reported to me
compared to the law firm of doe if that
really sounds dodgy as hell if these are
actual concerns you have why don't you
ask me you know we could say that about
any these people like they go straight
to defaming you publicly and a lot of
the defamation whether it's Jobeth or
Jeff Nelson or guy like Jack green and
wouldn't talk about a second here they
start by saying well I just don't
understand why blank and then they go on
to defame you so like in Jeff Nelson's
case it was well I don't understand why
you weren't chiangmai anyway well Jeff
you didn't see any of my videos
explaining that because the facts are
out there if you were interested you
never asked me you never sent me an
email you never talked to me you've just
used this as a pretext to attack and
defame me in mostly situations you
ultimately can't cooperate with somebody
unless they want to cooperate with you
there's no way that I can honestly say
it is impossible to cooperate with Joe
best I've tried come on you must you
must be able to reflect June rather came
into Thailand and you said he's
absolutely going to be arrested what
happened no that's not what I said if
you listen to my videos I talk to you
exactly what's happening I pay my lawyer
my lawyer goes to court and gives the
papers to the prosecution service she's
equivalent to your Crown Prosecution
Service in England and what I did not
realize is just how long and slow the
process is after that now Joe let me ask
you a very simple comparison if you
think the timeline of my case is very
slow I'll name another case that you
also know is real you know this you know
the people you know Hannah Chloe's case
is real yeah so why she's known but Joe
let me ask you very quickly why what if
you think the amount of time my case is
taken is long why is Hannah Chloe's case
taking even more time because she didn't
have banking delays for me a big the
biggest part of the life of me was the
bank transfer then finally I paid the
lawyer and the process started in
Thailand so Hannah Hannah didn't have
that delay well uh well okay in terms of
the bank when the bank transfer is done
I'm sorry you can check my youtube if
you want the exact date because I made a
video when the transfer went through but
I forget know what it's more than a
month
since I paid the lawyer yeah I'm not
gonna put this on my channel yeah yeah
but what okay but this but this is
recorded yeah but but Joe right yeah I
understand right okay
but it's also but hope this is the start
of a more positive more positive
assurance but as I say
Hannah Chloe she has been through a
similar legal process and her started
earlier cuz unlike me she didn't have to
collect money from generosity dorg I
didn't have to deal with a bank transfer
to China that failed you know those were
those like two months or more of delay
was just getting the money of the lawyer
and Hanna's case she hasn't been
arrested yet by Hanna's case either but
she's going through a similar process so
good well let let me ask you person what
do you think Hanna's cases fake or no
okay well I'll tell you my opinion I
don't think her case is fake
I don't think Mikey's is fake but as
I've said on my channel many many times
all you can do in this life is decide to
do the right thing for the right reasons
and then you see what their concern it
is totally possible Jo that my lawyer
would come back to me and say look we
prepared everything we presented to the
judge and the judge decided to throw it
out or the prosecution service said no
but Jo Jo let me finish and Jo was a was
I in was I in mid-sentence or not jo you
know this in England Crown Prosecution
Service if you give if the Crown
prosecutor is they have the right to
decide whether or not to press charges
whether or not and whether or not it's
in the public interest
you know this are you saying that they
can come back to you and they can say
that there is no case and then the
money's gone yes like any other legal
system in the world
because I pay to present my case to a
judge and to ask the Thai government to
do justice I don't run the Thai
government so Jo if you did this in
England if you paid a solicitor to speak
on your behalf to plead your case do
the Crown Prosecution Service saying my
client needs justice you pay your lawyer
to plead your case and you do not decide
what the Crown Prosecution Service does
so on some level Joe you're not looking
me you're not leaving my camera on your
company Joe I'm not gonna discuss these
details even hourly basis made Joe how's
Joe okay Joe Joe Joe how's that worked
out for you your case went nowhere
I've heard you I've heard you say but
you I've heard you talk on YouTube about
how sad and disappoint you were with the
experience you had when you went to the
police in Thailand and when you dealt
with you ever I've heard you on YouTube
talking about what happened I made you
feel so if you think I got ripped off
fine Joe Joe Joe Joe yeah I heard what
you said Joe what University agree do
anything I mean you've never studied the
law have you okay
I've studied political science Joe Joe
Joe Joe my first poem is in political
science what's your diploma
what do you say I know used to work in
finance you have a degree in economics
I'm just asking a question why does it
matter what my contract with law firm is
whether it's hourly or lump sum because
if you tell me how much you're paying I
can work at how many hours you've
brought up Joe did I Joe did I Joe did I
ask for your help are you are you Joe
are you trying to help me so what are
you trying to do okay so Joe where did
you study where'd you go University
Quincy University
don't steal investments elite University
I went to Penn State what diplomas did
you get at Leeds what the climate are
getting it or what more red dye though
those places what do you say architect
to engineering
I never do that about you so you said
your architecture that's gonna mess with
I'm very surprised because I've never
I've never heard you mention that Jim
that's interesting I'm getting to know
you
so Joe do you have any experience that
would lead you to be competent to
estimate how much a case like this would
cost in Thailand you have any experience
education
I don't have any experience in terms of
working out how much you've spent so why
why did you offer to do that so why are
you trying to do that so you think so
you think you can estimate how much
money I spent on this case Joe Joe Joe
do it Joe Joe here's okay Joe here's my
courage you Joe why don't you go ahead
and do that
why don't you Joe Joe why don't you go
ahead and talk to a series of law firms
in talent which is what I did and get
different estimates okay Joe I'm
answering your question Joe if you think
no I'm not Joe I've answered your
questions completely unfamiliar directly
Joe I take it you have not done what I
did which is you talked to several law
firms about what services they offer
what present you can do that and if if
you got wonderful better estimates
that's interesting I be endorsed still
that you know what I wish I could tell
you that Joe best was an exception to
the rule I think the reality is somebody
like Joe best is the rule and I want to
be clear on this
you know Joe best does not hate me or he
doesn't hate me all the time put it that
way Joe best has it several points got
worked up like in his own imagination
has built up the image of me as a
terrible person and has come online and
denounced me and almost every single
time he regrets it soon thereafter and
he stops hating me and sometimes he
actually unlist the videos he deletes
the videos this kind of thing you know
what I mean so and he's not being fake
either he's being sincere he's also just
stupid like Joe best
at one point he built up this crazy
delusion in his mind that I was an
immoral and evil person because he felt
I was lying on my patreon page the call
for donations of the patreon page and
you know he's just so stupid he worked
up in his imagination this idea you know
he's taking his assumptions about what I
said and what it meant
and how it was lying to my audience and
then attacking me for that and at
another point I mean just just as stupid
or stupid or he was walking up in his
mind the notion that I was lying about
what happened with the actual financial
transfer really boring details but why
it was for at least two months I think
it was two months or three months I was
delayed in paying my lawyers some of you
guys remember that some of you don't
because he's completely boring details
about trying to send a bank and
international bank transfer from the
United States to mainland China and then
from China to Thailand look Joe right
now do you think you sound clever or
stupid what do you know about the
process okay well Joe Joe Ike Joe Joe
I care Joe Joe I care and I'm telling
you you sound stupid Joe Joe why don't
you tell me you never talking before
I'll a full time because I find this
hilarious so Joe why don't you tell me
with your fabulous education in
architecture why don't you tell me what
I don't understand about the tight legal
system because you think you understand
it better than I do
which is entirely possible you talked
about translation yeah that's that's
part of it right do not need to see any
videos what videos that you're in rather
may need to be translating your what
kind of question that you already know
he made videos defaming me and
threatening me you know this no you
couldn't make videos threatening you you
made a Facebook post threatening you
would you made into a video Joe Joe Joe
Joe do you really want to debate that
with me whether or not during Ryder to
feed me or threaten me in videos really
okay so Joe Joe your claim is Joe Joe is
your claim the during Ryder has never
defamed me or threatened me in a video
is that really what you're saying
Joe Joe Joe I think I've been very
patient with your questions that are
both malicious and not trying to help me
and [ __ ] okay Joe Joe I'm not gonna
tell you Joe I'm not gonna tell you any
further details about the case oh oh did
I ask for it what are you gonna suggest
Joe oh here's some really useful advice
from Joe best is it about architecture
that Noah is about hypnosis is it about
how to seduce Haney Armenia what's it
gonna be about Joe what are you gonna
tell me oh I wouldn't do a podcast with
you at this stage it's not gonna happen
I think I'd rather you get this all
cleared up because it just doesn't
doesn't ring true to me completely Mike
Mike I'm Tommy thinks that you cannot be
lying
you must be telling the truth who would
who would do such a horrible thing and
in permits like it just doesn't add up
so I think the best thing okay so Joe
your premise is that you do not believe
the case is legitimate because it is too
expensive
so that's I can respect that but that is
your that is your premise
things don't seem to add up it doesn't
seem to add up that you there anyone oh
okay oh okay well Joe let me Joe
yeah okay Joe but that's that's easy
answer but sure I can ask the question
sure okay okay okay
right Joe right I understand Joe I
understand I understand Joe completely
yes Joe Joe Joe
I completely sent Joe I can play
understand so let me ask it so Joe let
me let me ask the question it's a very
easy question one of the reasons why you
would pay a retainer or a lump sum is
because I don't live in Chiangmai
I live in Kunming China so for me to
send many small bank transfers would be
extremely difficult or impossible so you
are correct
Noba Joe Joe okay bye Joe Joe
yeah Joe Joe Joe Joe I'm answering your
question one
I needed to raise money through
donations which I did too I needed to
send it basically in one transfer or it
could have been two but I can't send a
transfer every month I can't do that
from like you said what you two are
gonna be saying Joe do you have any Joe
Joe do you have any experience dealing
with China the Chinese banking system
because like the other people who do
people might I do but for me so but you
talk about a transfer from Canada to
China to Chiang Mai
I wanted that Pujo Joe stop why don't
you just pause Mary Joe I have answered
your question you asked Joe Joe Joe you
asked a totally reasonable question why
would anyone prefer to send one payment
rather than many small payments and Joe
I've given you a very clear answer one
because the money is raised to a
fundraiser so you know you gather that
money together and the company sends to
me and to because it is very difficult
for me to do complex like every two
weeks or every month banking between
kunming and Chiang Mai and again my main
banking on is in Canada course a bank an
international bank transfer from the
United States to mainland China and then
from China to Thailand it's not hard to
see how you could have delays in there
and the vast majority of the delay part
of it was [ __ ] up on my bank in China
but it was mostly the corporation in the
United States by the way that screwed up
most of the fault goes to the website
itself the American company that owns
this website that I did the the
fundraising on so anyway it's like this
is not rocket science but in his mind he
got some false assumptions and then he
gets stuck into attacking me and then
just as soon afterwards he decides that
I'm a quite alright bloke and he doesn't
hate me at all but those brief periods
of time in which he was denouncing me
and her hanging me on the internet even
if he deletes the videos later
because in some cases I know he went
back and unlisted videos or deleted
videos I know that in some cases your
best
I don't even check his channel I don't
know how many of his videos you know
defaming me are still up and how am I
he deleted for me I really really don't
but the problem is whether you're
talking about my contemporaries on
YouTube as a whole
you know many people over lump return or
unity was talking about one guy like Joe
best over a long period of time the
moments in which those people hate me
and defame me and denounced me those are
the loudest moments those are the
moments that get the most attention
those are the moments that endure in the
mind's eye of the audience those are the
moments that really form the perception
of Who I am Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe have I
lived and worked in Thailand yes have I
lived and worked in Hong Kong yes have I
lived and worked in Taiwan yes okay I
have all of that experience
okay so Joe Joe Joe why can't you in a
Joe I just Joe Joe no no it's a
preference of course it's possible every
time I would send money between well you
know that so you work in banking what
percentage of the value disappears every
time I send money between Canada and
China
we estimate transfer mails no okay Joe
Joe Joe Joe Joe I know Joe you're a
banker no why don't you ask the question
show what percentage of the value of
money disappears with each transfer when
you're converting so I'd be converting
US dollars to Canadian dollars one
transfer than Canadian dollars to
Chinese renminbi then Chinese renminbi
to Thai Baht what percentage of the
value of the money disappears it is more
than 10% with those transfers
okay Joe you think so you get into
thousands of dollars you want to give up
10% I wait wait a minute Joe Joe did you
wait a minute you are telling me
honestly used to work in banking and you
actually you actually do not think the
for a private system because I'm not I'm
not an institutional user you think it's
insignificant for me to have to waste my
time going to a Chinese bank handling
multiple transactions per month and
losing a significant percentage of the
money you think that's insignificant Joe
I don't believe you ever worked in
banking Joe I don't believe you ever
worked in banking if you are gonna sit
here and you're gonna tell me
you don't see that it would be better
for me as a customer to pay a retainer
rather than to pay a series
of installments you know so Joe why
Whaley wait Joe why why would that be
hard future city if you have a
background in banking you can't
understand so doing a multiple
international I really think you have
never worked in banking Joe okay Joe
send me Joe okay Joe let me ask on your
degree is in architecture how what job
did he do at Goldman Sachs what was your
job there why don't you send me some
receipts because III nothing you have
ever said suggests to me of a kind of
China and yo Joe what what was your job
at Goldman Sachs and why can't you ever
show some receipts that nothing you've
ever said suggests you have a background
in economics or finance Joe what was
your mop the floor at Goldman Sachs did
you do architecture Coleman sacks there
are a lot of different jobs at Goldman
Sachs Joe Joe I want to know what job
did you ever do at Goldman Sachs
Joe it's a logical Joe I spent a lot of
time answering your questions you've
answered one of my questions was what
did you study University what okay you
want the floors to Goldman Sachs with
your degree in architecture what was the
job you got Goldman Sachs okay Joe why
why why can't you dodge the answer
question why why would be hard to
believe that for me in this circumstance
yes it is better for me to pay a
retainer and one bank transfer rather
than handling ten bankers and you
already know the first but the first the
first bank transfer the first bank
transfer I handled yeah prosecution said
do you get your money back sure Joe Joe
uh to be honest I have never even asked
my lawyer that because my lawyer is
completely confident whether it's
[ __ ] or not that he will succeed but
Joe I could ask my lawyer I doubt it but
hey Thailand is rough but I've never
even discussed it with Miller okay let's
see how that unfolds all right listen I
gotta run
[Laughter]
what a piece of [ __ ] you our man
but look what so yeah Joe well I came
here I came here to have a positive
interview with you because partly I'm
just gonna congratulate you with the
improvements you made your channel I was
just kind of a totally polished
discussion to the fact that you used to
for me I just want to see this thing
progressed because you know it's such a
cloudy area let's let's see how this
come this comes out I just have some
suspicions about this whole process okay
so okay so Joe every every single
question you've asked I have answered
yep of all sure Joe Joe Joe I agree with
you Joe I agree with you and I've also
answered that question there is a real
reason where there are two reasons why I
didn't show receipts
one is like everything else during Ryder
will say it's fake and many people's it
which is fine they're all I said I know
but geomancer aggression and numbered
Joe number two is Joe I am encouraging
during a rider to believe it's fake
because that is in my legal interest it
is in my legal interest that he
continues to believe it's a fake case
Joe I'm happy that durianrider believes
the case is fake I've explained that you
repeatedly right now that is in my legal
interest so how yeah uh Joe you're never
gonna record another podcast me you're
never gonna get my chance Joe you you've
wrote Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe you
wronged me seriously you defamed me
serious and the internet and you sent me
a one-sentence apology Joe I answered
every single one of your questions Joe
and you've dodged mine as simple as they
were Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe okay Joe
okay tell me when you're done Joe tell
me what you done so you're gonna make it
you're gonna rants whatever person tell
me we're done I'm turning off the sound
you tell me when you're done okay the
moments in which those people hate me
and defame me and denounce me those are
the loudest moments those are the
moments that get the most attention
those are the moments that endure in the
mind's eye of the audience those are the
moments that really form the perception
of Who I am and not the moments when
later in Joe best case this is genuinely
the case not the moments when later Joe
best calmed down and I took the time to
talk to him and reason through what his
misconception was the stuff is all
boring whether it was Joe best or Jeff
Nelson like Jeff Nelson I actually
explained to him why I was in Chiangmai
at that time what was going on I gave
him all this information and he had to
admit I was on the level he was like
yeah you know okay right this makes
sense even uh you know close close from
plant-based news at one point he has
some crazy suspicions about me probably
because I was defamed by some other
people in England I can guess who they
are some of the other vegan youtubers
there I mean you know I did have to kind
of talk through Klaus you know none of
this stuff is true and he you know he
got it close is not is not that dumb I'm
you know somebody like Joe best is
really too stupid to put together I
think Klaus is a relatively sharp
relatively you know earnest and
hard-working guy so close put the pieces
together but look those moments of anger
and defamation directed towards me even
if they're fleeting even if the people
putting on the performance on YouTube do
not really believe those things
themselves or even if they very soon
lose faith in what it is they're saying
those moments really endear so you know
here is my reply to Jack green I'm not
gonna read his email I respect the
privacy of private email sent to me but
this is I could read my reply that I
wrote
I wrote em as follows thanks for taking
the time Jack I've made it a policy to
reach out in friendship to vegans even
when they've kicked me in the teeth even
when they've insulted me publicly
whatever and I'd say that a very small
percentage of those efforts have been
rewarded however there are some positive
examples vegan laughs Lauren Phoenix
went from being an enemy to being a
friend many others however have never
responded Jo vegan new my court case
with Dr was legit and saw paperwork
I showed him paperwork and offered to
provide explanation of the paperwork as
he really couldn't understand the legal
details etc but he would never adjust
his public position on defaming me
suggesting that I'm a scam artist etc
look it's up to you but obviously it
takes five seconds to unlist a video to
change the video setting to private to
delete it whatever and your video titled
eyes'll Mazar destroys Jack green is
still listed with only 152 views I note
despite its salacious subject matter
some things you can't compromise on I
can't say that someone is 50% right if
they're claiming I [ __ ] Julia Bohr and
I can't say that someone is 50% right if
they're claiming that I'm a scam artist
or that I misled my donors in any way
although it sounds reasonable when you
say in this video
the durianrider and I are both 50% right
and 50% wrong that isn't the reality at
all durianrider is a hundred percent
wrong factually and morally and I'm zero
percent wrong that sounds unreasonable
but it's the reality of this situation
durianrider lied and I told the truth
durianrider made threats of violence
against me and when I asked okay where
do you want to meet he was a coward
during write her back down or didn't
follow through okay you in that video so
Jack green you in that video call me a
crybaby and a [ __ ] but the reality is
that durianrider was a coward not me
even though he was the
one who made the threats of violence etc
creating the conflict watching the TV
news tends to train people to regard two
sides of an argument as both being
partly right but in this case one side
of the argument really is a hundred
percent wrong and amazingly even after
you lost faith and durianrider you were
still on the wrong side strange so look
what's the moral of the story the vast
majority of these people who create
these problems for me who defame me and
denounce me on the internet whether they
do so with a sense of good humor or not
whether they think of themselves as
trolling or comedians or not the vast
majority of them are people who are
never gonna make a positive contribution
towards veganism as a political movement
but truth be told I don't know which
one's any of these people can turn their
lives around you know I really do not
like even with somebody like derp vegan
has to say about me I don't like what
some somebody like Joe vegan had to say
about me I don't like it but if you
asked me to make some kind of hard and
fast decision does derp vegan or Joe
vegan do they have nothing to contribute
to veganism as a movement in the next
five years I'm slow I do not want to
jump to that conclusion I am slow to
jump to conclusions of that kind I don't
want to make a snap judgment this person
is worthless because today I think their
content is too light-hearted or to vape
it or doesn't take these things
seriously when they should or what have
you this guy Jack green he can do
anything with the rest of his life he
wants to I I really I mean you know his
content currently I think is garbage but
I would be very slow to jump to the
conclusion even with somebody like him
that he has nothing to contribute in the
next in the next five years but yeah on
that human level so someone in the
comment section just joked that I'm the
vegan police this is not about me
policing other people's content this is
just about me reaching out to other
people positively and trying to
cooperate and
getting kicked in the teeth or
disappointed again and again and again
that's what it's about and you know I
think that ultimately the challenge here
it's not to suspend your judgement it's
not it's not to treat everybody equally
because you can't I can't regard all
these people as equally having something
positive offer to veganism etc etc you
know I think the challenge is to be
disappointed again and again and still
reach out to people positively and try
to cooperate try to collaborate
despite that disappointment to have that
negative experience with you know vague
source whatever you want to call him
Jeff Nelson to have that negative
experience with Joe bass with Joe vegan
to keep having those negative
experiences and keep opening the door
for someone else to disappoint you again
keep inviting someone in the same way I
invited you know Jack rain to come on
still reach out positively even if it's
you know one person out of a hundred who
rewards that effort with some level of
appreciation with some capacity to
cooperate you know I mean it's it's
depressing it's depressing to see I was
looking yesterday at an especially awful
video from a natural vegan because
someone here in my comment session told
me about it I wouldn't had a look and I
thought oh my god am I gonna have to
make a response video this impart of
what makes it so depressing is you can
look at the response from the audience
and it let me just say some of not
everything on natural vegan does is such
garbage this was an especially horrible
video from an ethical vegan perspective
from from a natural vegan and I can
recognize not just the majority of the
audience the majority of the potential
vegan audience here on YouTube is all
supporting her supporting the direction
she's taking with us
that can be really really depressing it
can be depressing to see the majority of
people the majority of your potential
audience an actual audience supporting
durianrider when he's doing these
terrible and immoral things or when he's
just lying or supporting a natural vegan
when she's at her kind of were stab of
anti vegan anti-vegan pseudo veganism
you know this kind of stuff but I mean
the the type of optimism you need to
have is just appreciating how few people
you need to get organized to make that
positive difference in the world right I
said to somebody in Chiangmai face to
face I said look I know this YouTube
game is rough like at that time I
probably said this the night we went out
to karaoke you know went out to karaoke
we're not sure if Durham Ryder is gonna
show up and actually have a fistfight
with me or if he's gonna send other
people to beat me up or whatever you
know I said look I know this YouTube
thing is rough but be honest with
yourself how many friends did you have
the day you graduated from University
did you have 10 friends did you have 50
if you if you really tell me you had 50
friends in real life when you graduated
from university I'm gonna say you're a
liar I don't believe that's true of
anybody if you had 10 that's already
that's really impressive going through
this process that is so disappointing
even when my expectations are low I mean
obviously my expectations of Joe best
are low my expectations of Jeff Nelson
are low it goes without saying but still
I mean you look at somebody like Jeff
Nelson why can't he just be reasonable
not even cooperate not even collaborate
why can't he just be reasonable for the
sake of veganism and the obviously
positive role my channel plays in terms
of talking about different elements of
the United ISM you know why can't
whether it's something like Jeff Nelson
or somebody like Jack green why can't
this person just be fair and reasonable
with me even if we're not going to
why do they have to be unreasonable and
defamatory and vile why does it have to
put me in this situation of conflict
it's it's and hey unnatural vegan also
as an example of that from my
perspective but you know you're out
there to win five people ten people
maybe fifty people who can cooperate
with you positively and that's gonna
make all the difference in the world how
many people do I need to cooperate with
me to publish that Illustrated
children's book not even fifty people
you know I mean that's the prize that's
the goal in terms of real world activism
that you got a struggle for and yes it
really can be depressing it really can
be demoralizing whether it's an idiot
like Josh Randall aka vegan revolution
or vegan foot soldier or any of these
other examples I've mentioned people who
are just going out of their way to be
unreasonable to insult you to defame you
and all this stuff how many of them are
there gonna be and how many times you
can try to reach out to them positively
to resolve that conflict and make some
basis for cooperation how many times you
go through that experience and and be
disappointed ten times a hundred times I
don't know but I mean that really is I
mean it's an ineluctable part of making
the positive connection with the five
people the ten people are the 50 people
who can in a positive way change your
own life and who can in a positive way
actually get organized form some kind of
foundation take on real-world projects
for the sake of the movement whether
that's something as simple as getting
that children's book Illustrated and
published or something something much
more ambitious you guys might have
noticed I used this little catchphrase
of mine you know a man without ambition
is a man without
Thanks when I was reproaching Ted Carr
what is it that motivates people to set
aside their differences to see the good
in each other to reason with each other
and just be reasonable it's not so much
just the malleus hanging in in one part
of the balance it's the lack of any
ambition to do something positive yet on
the other side of the balance and the
other side of the scales because in any
in any real world business venture in
any real world political venture you
have to put aside your differences and
be reasonable and cooperate with people
who have profound differences from you
people whom you can see real ethical
failings in and you do it for the good
of the project you do it for the good of
the business you do it for the good of
the nation or public service you do it
for the good of the movement you do it
because you have some higher ambition
that you want to pursue together despite
everything that may be wrong with the
both of you